Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to create the dashboard screens, but before then, what you have to
do is to log into a seller's accounts.
Okay, now what we can do is we turn the views.
That way we can create a new folder and we can call this folder dashboard.
Underscore screens.
Okay.
And back to the dashboard on the screen.
Five.
The first screen we need is the store screen.
Right.
But this is going to be for the seller, right?
Okay.
Because definitely the user the seller is going to be able to manage the store.
There are others there that provide manage products, balance and statics.
Okay.
Now back to the dashboard screen.
The first screen we want to create is the.
We can just call this store on the screen.
Or we can just maybe have Scylla to be a bit more specific.
Okay.
Sailor on the score store.
On the score screen, then the dot.
Okay.
And the other screen we need is the we can as well just say seller order because remember we also do
have another screen known as customer order, right?
So we can also be a bit more specific.
So this is going to be seller.
Father on the screen, then the dot.
Okay.
I'm just going to go back to the dashboard on the screen.
In that to the second set screen we need is the edit profile, edit profile and manage product.
Okay.
Back to the dashboard screens.
We can just go ahead and see a date on the score profile.
Then screen.
Then the doth.
Okay.
We need for.
The manage on the score product.
On the score screen.
Dot.
I think.
Okay, back to the dodge ball screen.
We need the balance and statics.
Okay.
This OC.
We can call this balance.
On this car screen and the Darth.
And last.
We need to start six on the score screen, then the OC.
And within the balance screen, we can just go ahead and create a stateless widget and since we can
update it to stateful widgets if the need arise.
Okay.
And this is going to be balanced.
So balance.
Screen.
And Novaya, we need to alight in this country.
And, you know, that's important material to that package.
And we can get rid of this and we're just going to go out and use a scaffold.
The Scaffold widget.
Scaffold.
You know, that's how I've access to a lot more properties.
We can get rid of this.
And within the scaffold it has a property.
Sorry.
I think.
Correct.
But the.
And for now, we can just have a center.
We just.
Or maybe maybe a container.
Or maybe another number should be okay only.
Okay for now.
Okay.
And what we can just as we can light everything and copy.
And we are then going to pass it over and now we have to rename this to added profile, then screen.
Okay.
And over here too.
We need to pace this and.
We are then going to call this I think my niche on this product.
Sorry, my niche product then screen and.
Face this.
Sorry, not.
Okay.
This is going to be.
This.
I think I made this mistake of, okay, I'm just going to go out at first.
This is going to be sailor.
Order.
Order then screen.
Okay.
And this is going to be cellar store, then screen.
And.
Paste, then this is going to be so.
This is going to be six.
Okay.
Statics and we have to correct this spell.
Here we have.
Okay you concur and that's the save and also concur and se contra and se.
Culture and se.
Puncture an x and.
Contra and ex OC.
Now back to the dashboard screen.
Back to the dashboard screen is control.
And B, what we have to do now is to make all this clickable.
Right.
Okay.
To do that, we are going to open this with a button.
You can see why we have in this card so we can just apply this and use control dots, wrap widgets,
and we can just wrap this with a gesture detector or maybe an inkwell.
Okay.
Ink.
Well.
Okay.
And as you know, the Inquirer has a property known as On Tap.
Which is a function.
And what we are going to be doing is.
We are going to be saying we get the push right.
But you can see currently we have up to I think up to one, two, two, four, five, six, six screen.
Right.
So what we can just as we can assess is screen by the index.
To do this, we have to create a list and we can create this list over here.
We can just go ahead and specify.
It is a list.
A list of.
Widgets.
Right.
You can see over here in this.
In this screen we have.
You can see it's at least it is.
All these are referred to as widgets, right?
The harbor widget.
So that was why we have to specify.
We are expecting widgets.
Okay.
And we can call this variable pages.
Pages.
So it's going to be equal a third and add this.
Okay.
And for now, the first one is going to be the seller.
Sailor, I think.
Sailor, sir.
So, screen audio Yokohama.
And the other is going to be the seller.
The seller.
Order!
Screen!
Okay.
Make sure you are in your coma as you can get summaries and dates.
Profile screen.
Comer I think allies in this country and also imported and get rid of this.
Okay.
And we need to manage products.
Buy this product, ice cream and the balance.
Of course we need our balance after making any sales from products.
I think we also do need to highlight and use country and dot.
Okay.
We need to start six.
Statics are state.
Okay, Star.
Statistics audit recorded stats since.
Okay.
I think we just call the statistics without adding screen to it.
I love adding screens to my.
To the name of my screens in order doesn't make it more clear or more understandable.
You can just add a screen to it.
And back to this.
We're going to be having this error.
So we have to then say screen.
Okay.
And hopefully we're not going to have any hero again in this country unless they say, okay, and now
what's in the function?
We can then say na na ve get her.
Navigator.
The arch push.
And.
This is my Syria page roots or roots whatsoever where you pronounce it.
Okay.
This is going to be contest.
And we can just use another function for this.
Okay.
Our function and basically we want to call that variable called pages.
Pages and we want to access each of the page by the index that is zero one, two, two, four, five.
Right.
Okay.
Zero.
12345.
OC use contra save and see if it's going to work without us without stats because we did not actually
create a stateful widget.
Most of the time you have to refresh whenever you create a stateful widgets and notice that less widgets.
And let's see.
OC did not work.
Okay.
It means we have to restart our hub.
Dashboard.
Okay.
Now let's we start.
It's going to take some time to alter your stats.
And that was what I was trying to actually avoid in in order not to get you bored with all this.
I think it's a bit faster today.
Okay.
And let's wait for this.
And now we have to log into a seller account.
It's seller account and you are just going to log in to, I think, famous store.
US.
Gmail.
Gmail dot com and the password is BGR may see.
And we can then click on log in.
Okay.
We tend to log in.
And now we can go to Dashboard and click on my store.
Great.
And now we can just create those bar for it.
Okay.
Back to.
Balance.
First of all, we can change the background color to colors white.
And as you know, the harbor has a property known as elevation.
We can set this to zero.
And as you know, the harbor has a property known as title.
And this is going to be.
Is just going to say balance.
Screen.
Okay.
And you won't see this, so we can just go ahead and give this a color.
Of colors that black.
Okay.
And I think we are missing an audition.
Sorry.
This and this country and has to save.
Okay.
And as you know, the the caller so I think not on the screen, but the balance screen.
And you can see we can't see that error.
And I think you already know how to sort that out within the harbor.
It has the property known as icon theme.
And this is going to be icon.
Icon icon team then data then sorry, I contain.
Theme, then data.
Then we can change the colour to colours the black.
Okay.
And it's contrary to save.
You can see why I think it is very cool to be at this sport.
So what we can just do now in order to save our life or save us from stress, we can just copy this
ABBA and hopefully you can do this by yourself.
Use control and see it's copy and we can replace this.
Okay.
And now we can just call this.
Indeed.
At the profile screen.
Okay.
That's.
We can.
Get rid of this contrariness.
This is going to be what?
Manage.
We can just use a capital letter for this.
What products?
Or maybe you could just get rid of that screen.
These already know you're currently in the screen.
Okay.
I'm just going to check the others looks.
If probably it's way too long, we can just get rid of that that screen.
My niche products.
Okay.
I think that is okay.
My niche product.
I think it's okay and we can just go to this and we can get rid of this and paste this.
This is going to be sell to other.
Seller order.
Screen.
Okay.
And this is going to be Lester.
OC and seller.
Then start.
You already know what is going to be here.
You can just copy the customer store and paste it over here.
Okay.
No, sorry, don't do that.
This is going to be all the products for that seller.
Okay.
And.
And and.
And and and and.
Yeah, I think you can do that.
Don't worry.
We are just going to do it together.
Okay?
Yeah, you can do that.
Because we are basically between each our store.
So you can basically just do.
That or maybe in the future we are just going to do this together.
So you do not worry.
Okay, now let's check all this.
My store, we have the seller's store screen and order we have.
Okay.
I think we are missing that for the order.
Seller order we did not save.
Okay.
Good.
My store.
Orders.
Edit profile.
Niche products.
Balance Queen.
And lastly, statistics, service statistics skewing.
And hopefully you understand all this.
But if you don't, you can please do well to let me know.